1) I have used theme Modern downloaded and installed

2) I have changed the text option for search (via CMS of Themecloud), but when the text field is empty it inserts the text "Set the default text in Customizer > Predefined Texts"

2A) To prove this, I create a mirror site http://ronaldo.themecloud.me/ , with the same theme Modern and empty text string (set as said via CMS). Please, check out proof screen short: proof.jpg
2B) To resolve this “hated” preprogrammed specificity, I went to the section edit and using Ctrl+F found among all php-pages the file where it was set for case of the empty text that comes from CMS. I have corrected this php file and voila check out main.jpg to find the difference!

2C) The corrections that have been done in the same Ctrl+F manner are:
2C1) in main css file, I have corrected the border line that separated by default search field and main page. I have found correspondent header css class and set border : o px (no line ouf!)
2C2) I have found a php file responsible for inserting all search section (in 2C1 I have just got rid of separator) and I have completely deleted it out, as I don’t need to have search on my main page!
2C2) At the very bottom (assume for all them) you have the text dedicated to creator of theme and other bla bla bla. I have found php file where there is this text and reference and deleted it completely. Yes we can do everything if we search and analyze!
In short, 2C1 - 2C2 demonstrate my skills to modify not only css but all php-theme file and my ability to satisfy final customer needs!

3) Why Modern theme? Well I have been searching not only what I wanted, but what my customer Ronald wants. He wants something similar to http://www.lindsayadlerphotography.com/ . Me I wanted something that I & he can modify. I have spent 2 days googling the review on Wordpress free themes and applying and testing them after all. My initial pool try&fail-pool has contained of 25 themes, I have chosen Modern theme as the best not only to me but for customer. Well, I didn't care actually about review. I care about final solution. Such wild developers’ reality!

4) plugin Calendar in the footer is the most easiest part of requirement, , just click, click & save! Check out it at pdf files

Thank you for review!
